# Lab 8 - Starter

Helen Lin

1. If we can only chose one of the given options and specific to this project I would manually run the test locally before pushing the code as it will make the development and testing process a bit easier because I do not have to always be pushing the code to the repo to run the test as I would be pushing potentially buggy code to he repo. If there is an option I would implement both running test locally before pushing and using Github action when code is pushed so that I could limited the pushing of potentially buggy code and also make sure that the code works not only on my local machine. 
2. I wouldn't use end to end testing to check if a function is returning the correct output that feels more like a unit testing thing as we know what we want the output to be. End to End testing seems more of testing the behavior of the app if it behaves and response to action in the way you expect it to response, which may or maynot have a "output" you could check against. 
3. I think I would both might work but End to End testing might be more reasonable as there are multiple components and parts to "message" feature of an app. There is the initial input of the message then when sending you might need to have to encrypt the message then send it then check if the message is received on the receiver end then the message might need to be parsed and displayed and the user notified. There are a lot of components and sections to a "message" feature that it feels that though unit tests might work since this entire features feels relatively isolated but there are a lot of components to it and interactions feels like E2E testing might be better. 
4. Yes, I could use unit tests for this "max message length" feature. This feature is easily isolatable and testible by giving i message of different lengths. It does not require other parts of the application other than simply an input string that represents a message. This feature also cannot be broken down further and is isolated in itself which feels fiting to test with unit tests. 